This is not an officially supported Google product. This project is not
eligible for the [Google Open Source Software Vulnerability Rewards
Program](https://bughunters.google.com/open-source-security).

This project is intended for demonstration purposes only. It is not
intended for use in a production environment.

You can review [Google Cloud terms of service
here](https://console.cloud.google.com/tos?id=cloud).


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Copyright 2025 Google LLC

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Google Next 25 - Retro Tech Revolution

 Author: Damien Contreras cdamien@google.com
 
 ### Contributors:
  - Luka Fontanilla / Mike DeAngelo / Minhaz Kazi : looker
  - Rachael Deacon-Smith BigQuery & Cloud function
  - Prashanth Subrahmanyam PM
  - Mouhrad El Azhari Gaming consulting
 under the guidance and Supervision of: Wei Hsia
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Background

The following demo and the related source code was first prepared and built for Google Cloud Next 25 held in Las Vegas. It was subsequently used in the following Google and Google Cloud events:

- Google Cloud Next 25 — Las Vegas
- Build with Gemini: Developers Summit — Warsaw
- Google I/O Connect— Berlin
- Google I/O Connect — India
- Google Cloud Next — Tokyo

# Motivation

AI is getting incredibly good at analyzing data and creating stunning images, audio, and video. But there’s a catch: most of the time, we have to do the work.

Whether you’re chatting with a bot to solve a problem, asking an AI to find outliers in your data, or prompting it to generate a 16-bit-style image of a dungeon floor, you have to spell out exactly what you want. The AI waits for you to make the first move.

But what if AI could enhance our experience proactively, without waiting for a direct command?

This demo explores exactly that. We’ll show you how to use real-time data to create smarter, more personalized user experiences automatically, making technology feel less like a tool you command and more like a partner that anticipates your needs.

- Please check the following blog to learn more about the purpose of this demo: [Medium blog](https://medium.com/google-cloud/next25-retro-tech-revolution-04d260746cf3)

# Godot

## Overall structure

Some scripts are launched at initialization and manage the whole game:

| Script File      | Path | Description |
|SignalBus| scripts/SignalBus.gd | manages all events in the game
|Agones_sdk| addons/agones/agones_sdk.gd | 
|MultiplayerManager| script/multiplayer_manager.gd| Not used in the current version
|ApiIntegration| script/api_integration.gd | main script that manage the integration with the API Bridge through REST calls
|PlayerManager| levels/level_1/Globals/global_player_manager.gd| player manager
|DialogueManager| addons/dialogue_manager/dialogue_manager.gd| using the Nathan Hoad dialog manager https://github.com/nathanhoad/godot_dialogue_manager


Here is a list of the main scenes used during the game in order as they appear, each one of them has a script in GDScript attached to it that you can find under game/scripts/ with the same name as the scene.

| Scene File      | Path | Description |
|RetroTechRevolution screen| game/RetroTechRevolution.tscn | project scene from where we load other scene
|level_1 screen| Game/levels/level_1/level_1.tscn | main scene that contains the game level
|splash screen| Game/assets/screens/splashscreen/splashscreen.tscn | Initial scene of the game (video + press start screen)
|questions screen| Game/assets/screens/questionsscreen/question_screen.tscn | scene that manage customer questions
|controls screen| Game/assets/screens/controlsScreen/controls.tscn | scene that present the gamepad used during the game
|Backstory screen| Game/assets/screens/backstory/backstory.tscn | scene used to display the backstory generated by Gemini and the image from Imagen4
|Game Over| Game/assets/screens/gameover/game_over.tscn | scene displayed after a game session

# API Bridge
Is the main interface between our game and the outside world. This is implemented using Google's Agent Development Kit and integrate with the game exposing a Rest Server implemented using Flask.




# Backend

## BigQuery

## Looker
